F1-score와 관련데 대회 리스트 


Natural Language Processing with Disaster Tweets
https://www.kaggle.com/c/nlp-getting-started/overview/evaluation
Shopee - Price Match Guarantee
https://www.kaggle.com/c/shopee-product-matching/overview/evaluation
Instacart Market Basket Analysis
mean F1 score
https://www.kaggle.com/c/instacart-market-basket-analysis/overview/evaluation
### ROC curve(AUC)
Bag of Words Meets Bags of Popcorn
https://www.kaggle.com/c/word2vec-nlp-tutorial/overview/evaluation
Riiid Answer Correctness Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/riiid-test-answer-prediction/overview/evaluation
SIIM-ISIC Melanoma Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/siim-isic-melanoma-classification/overview/evaluation
Jigsaw Multilingual Toxic Comment Classification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/jigsaw-multilingual-toxic-comment-classification/overview/evaluation
Instant Gratification
https://www.kaggle.com/c/instant-gratification/overview/evaluation
TalkingData AdTracking Fraud Detection Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/talkingdata-adtracking-fraud-detection/overview/evaluation
Mercari Price Suggestion Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/mercari-price-suggestion-challenge/overview/evaluation
Predicting Red Hat Business Value
https://www.kaggle.com/c/predicting-red-hat-business-value/overview/evaluation
Home Credit Default Risk
https://www.kaggle.com/c/home-credit-default-risk/overview/evaluation
Avito Duplicate Ads Detection
https://www.kaggle.com/c/avito-duplicate-ads-detection/overview/evaluation
Santander Customer Satisfaction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-customer-satisfaction/overview/evaluation
### RMSPE
Optiver Realized Volatility Prediction
https://www.kaggle.com/c/optiver-realized-volatility-prediction/overview/evaluation
### RMSLE
ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III
https://www.kaggle.com/c/ashrae-energy-prediction/overview/evaluation
Santander Value Prediction Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/santander-value-prediction-challenge/overview/evaluation
Sberbank Russian Housing Market
https://www.kaggle.com/c/sberbank-russian-housing-market/overview/evaluation
Grupo Bimbo Inventory Demand
https://www.kaggle.com/c/grupo-bimbo-inventory-demand/overview/evaluation
### RMSE
Elo Merchant Category Recommendation
https://www.kaggle.com/c/elo-merchant-category-recommendation/overview/evaluation
Avito Demand Prediction Challenge
https://www.kaggle.com/c/avito-demand-prediction/overview/evaluation
### MAE
Zillow Prize: Zillow’s Home Value Prediction (Zestimate)
https://www.kaggle.com/c/zillow-prize-1/overview/evaluation